docs: Adding new documentation on getting started with coproc (#407)
vectorizedio/redpanda: docs/www/coprocessors.md

# coprocessors

> The coprocessor implementation allows you to deploy functional units that operate on the data moving through redpanda logs. The advantage of using the built in coprocessor engine is a drastic improvement in performance, reducing the raft chatter that would otherwise exist if you were to perform transformations off cluster, and it removes any operational complexity that would be introduced by needed to host/manage your transforms on seperate hardware.

Reviewer: `network chatter`

> The coprocessor implementation allows you to deploy functional units that operate on the data moving through redpanda logs. The advantage of using the built in coprocessor engine is a drastic improvement in performance, reducing the raft chatter that would otherwise exist if you were to perform transformations off cluster, and it removes any operational complexity that would be introduced by needed to host/manage your transforms on seperate hardware.

Reviewer: `by needing`

For now you can only deploy Javascript functions, however in the future we plan to support all of the WASM supported languages.

## Getting started

To start you'll need to ensure you have `nodejs`, `rpk` and `redpanda` installed on your machine. Then in your `redpanda.yaml` configuration file, you'll need to enable developer and coprocessing mode like so:

```

> redpanda:

Reviewer 2: We normally mention using the rpk commands for settings this: https://vectorized.io/docs/rpk-commands/#mode

  ...
  developer_mode: true
  enable_coproc: true
  ...
```

### Creating your first coprocessor

> To start, run `rpk wasm generate` in a fresh directory. This will write an example project scaffolding that you can use to get started even quicker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start, run `rpk wasm generate` in a fresh directory. This will write an example project scaffolding that you can use to get started with.
```

```
.
└── wasm
    ├── package.json
    ├── src
    │   └── wasm.js
    ├── test
    │   └── wasm.test.js
    └── webpack.js
```

> Your source code will be within the `src` directory. Below is an explaination of the API but for now, there is a default operator in there that will consume from one topic called `produce` and produce this onto another topic called `result` while applying a transformation that just uppercases all characters detected on stream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your source code will be within the `src` directory. Below is an explanation of the API but for now, there is a default operator in there that will consume from one topic called `produce` and generate messages this onto another topic called `result` while applying a transformation that just uppercases all characters detected on stream.
```

Once your done modifying the source, cd into the `wasm` directory and run `npm install`. You'll need to do this when you modify your package dependencies. Then run `npm run build` to package up the finished product. You'll see this in the `dist/` folder, with the same name as the source file:

```
wasm/dist
└── wasm.js
```

> ### Building & launching the WASM engine

Reviewer 2: Ok, I'm a little lost, do I need to have the full source code and vtools to get WASM working?

Author: Not if we package the engine, which I think is already done. However this document was more for internal usage or anyone working with the source tree.

```
redpanda:
  coproc_supervisor_server: 43189
  ...
  
coproc_engine:
  path: "/home/workspace/coprocessors"

...
```

You should see three directories be created in your `coproc_engine::path`, `active` `submit` and `inactive`. If you didn't explicitly specify a path in your `redpanda.yaml` file, these folders will exist in their default location: `/var/lib/redpanda/coprocessor`

### Deploying the coprocessor

Currently the coprocessor implementation does not support registering coprocessors that desire to transform a topic that does not yet exist. So you'll have to first create topics for all of the topics you wish to transform. For working with our example that is just the topic named `produce`. For the following examples `rpk` is shown when creating, publishing and consuming from topics, but you can use any kafka api compatible client.

```
$ rpk api topic create -r 1 produce`
```

Finally your ready to deploy your coprocessor. Copy the coprocessor from the `wasm/dist/` folder in your project, into the `submit` directory within the wasm engines working path (let's call this the `$wasm_root`). You may need to use sudo depending on where the `$wasm_root` is.

```

> $ cp wasm/dist/wasm.js $wasm_root/submit

Reviewer 2: Ok, I thought you didn't need to copy files to each node. This will make it very challenging to run with `rpk container`.

Author: As of now you will. Until the new feature gets merged which we're hoping to get in quick
